Mr. Chairman, Tennessee, Mr. Chairman, Tennessee respectfully requests the opportunity for
candidate Albert Gore to make a brief announcement.
Chair recognizes the senator from Tennessee.
Mr. Chairman.
My unanimous consent only is object to chairman.
Mr. Chairman, with thanks to this great free Democratic Convention, I request that my name
be withdrawn in favor of my colleague, Senator Esteski Fawker.
Most of the South has been standing behind Kennedy, and that surprise announcement by Senator
Gore may halt to stampede toward Kennedy here, but other banners are being raised.
This is perhaps the most intenseest moment of this Democratic Convention yet.
Does Oklahoma desire recognition?
Oklahoma.
Mr. Chairman, Oklahoma desires to change his vote from Senator Gore since he had released
leaving gece di
Rome and its
As the Minnesota cast its entire 30 votes for the next vice president of the United States is good friends
Senator, as this keep over
Just a moment now just a moment does Tennessee desire recognition again?
Mr. Chairman
Senator Gore made his announcement, but we wanted the opportunity to officially request permission
to change Tennessee's 32 votes from her distinguished junior senator to her distinguished senior senator
Estes Given
Justice
Does the state of Missouri desire recognition?
Mr. Chairman
The delegate
I'm a chair to hear what's going on if you don't want to yourself
delegate from Missouri
Mr. Chairman
The state of Missouri desires at this time to change its votes
to 37 votes for Senator Estes Given
the
chair does not have the remainder of the Missouri vote yet
and one vote for Senator Hubert Humphrey
for a poll of delegation
At this point there are just 60 votes in the balance that can swing this to one of these candidates or the other
just any other state or territory
does any other state or territory desire recognition and I recognize Tennessee quiet
That
Does the state of Michigan
There are recognition
They state of Michigan proudly and happily
cassettes entire 44 votes for the next vice president of the United States
Senator Estes Given
You
The chair recognizes the delegate from South Carolina
Mr. Chairman
South Carolina
cassettes 20 votes for Senator Kennedy
Does the delegate from Florida desire recognition?
Mr. Chairman
Florida
now cass
17 and one half
Sunshine votes for Senator Kefava
10 and one half
10 and one half for Senator Kennedy
Now the reading work cannot understand what the delegate is to say
It looks like you could be quiet for a few moments
Florida
Florida Mr. Chairman
Florida repeats
Florida now casts 17 and one half
Sunshine votes for Senator Kefava
10 and one half for Senator Kennedy
Does Illinois desire recognition?
Yes, Mr. Chairman
Illinois would like to change in its vote
Kennedy 54 and one half
Kefava 9 and a half
The chair must call on Florida again because they was so much noise
The clerk couldn't hear the last part of the vote
That's the chair, ma'am
Florida is always glad to have attention focused on us
We proudly vote 17 and one half
Sunshine votes for Senator Kefava
10 and one half for Senator Kennedy
Does Pennsylvania
desire recognition?
Mr. Chairman
Pennsylvania wishes the cast its entire 70 but four votes for Estes Kefava
Senator
Senator Kennedy
Is there a recognition again?
Of correcting the tabulation of Missouri's vote
Through a mis-computation of the votes of the delegates
Missouri casts 36 votes for Senator Estes Kefava
One and one half votes for Senator John Kennedy
And one half votes for Senator Hugo Dumple
Does Colorado desire recognition?
Colorado
Colorado casts 20 votes for Kefava
Does Colorado desire recognition?
Mr. Chairman
I will stop on state desires to cast its 24 votes for Senator Kefava
And this is the rest of Columbia
This is the rest of Columbia which is cast its 25th
The next president is vice president of the United States
Estes Kefava
Does Montana desire recognition?
Mr. Chairman
The Montana delegation wishes to change its vote
Through 15 for Senator C. Proper
And one for Senator Kennedy
California
California has 50 votes for Estes Kefava
And so what at first look like it might be a stampede to Senator Kennedy
As the first votes change went to him has turned out to be a key fober victory
After two tries at the presidency
He wins the vice presidential nomination at this convention in Chicago
Well a convention be in order
If there is no object
There will be a time
Senator John Kennedy of Mexico
This 39 year old senator from Massachusetts
Who nominated to place the nomination at least even since yesterday
Suddenly found himself near the vice presidential nomination this afternoon
Only to see an elastement at switch of votes that victory go glimmering
And Senator Estes Kefava win the nomination
Ladies and gentlemen
Ladies and gentlemen of this presidential
I want to place this opportunity first to express my appreciation
And Democrats from all parts of the country
So often saw a decent way
Who have been so generous in time to me this afternoon
I think that it proves as nothing else could prove
But a strong and united party the Democratic party is
Secondly I think what has happened today bears out the good judgment
Of Governor Stevenson in deciding that this issue should be taken
For the floor of the convention
Because I believe that the Democratic party will go from this convention
So strong for what we have done here today
And therefore ladies and gentlemen recognizing that this convention has selected a man
Who has campaigned in all parts of the country
Who has worked entirely for the party
Who will serve as an admirable running mate to Governor Stevenson
I hope that this convention will make Estes Kefava's nomination
unanimous
Thank you
Mr. Chairman
I know that we suspend the rules
Take the nomination of Estes Kefava's high acclimation
Those in favor of the motion of the one I
No no
I have it
And now it is my pleasure
Perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect
Of the United States for a moment
I
I have your key, Oliver, watched this balloting
In a suite in the stockyards in across the street immediately north of the amphitheater
And just sent word that he would appear before the
Convention that just selected him as a running mate for Adley Stevenson
The man who he campaigned so hard against through the primaries from
Who hamps you across the nation to California
That's Nancy Kefava Mrs. Estes Kefava
Our CBS newsman over the stockyards in says that Estes Kefava is still in the office over there
And has not begun his approach to the amphitheater
The vice presidential candidate receiving the news at the stockyards in is on his way now to the amphitheater
We are told and will be here momentarily to accept the
Plaudits of the delegates in the crowd who accept who
nominated him a moment ago as their vice presidential candidate
You
Mrs. Kefava with jigs donna hue of watch the DC the senators campaign manager
Senator escorted in by Paul Butler, national chairman of the party
You
Senator Kefava desires to say a word
Mr.
Ladies and gentlemen of the Convention
I don't know how all of you feel but I sure am tired
I
Back a long time ago I went to the University of Tennessee and I was on the track team
I've been in a lot of races but I never have been in one like this
And I never have been in a race
Well, they find her
More wonderful contender
You
Senator jack canady
Is one of the
Fine young statesman for the now standing record already
And to be able to contend and finally win against him
I appreciate very much
But ladies and gentlemen every member
That I had to contend against all of these eight or nine
Men who replaced in nomination
Every one of them are able capable of
Performing this office I think better than I
I want to express my
I want to express my appreciation to
Senator candidate for
His graciousness and moving that
the
nomination be unanimous
I'm very grateful to all of you who supported me
And to all of you who voted to make my nomination unanimous
I can only say that
As a member of the team I shall try to do my utmost to hold up my part of the job
Working the very best I can
In all places where I may be able to go
In order to do what I can for the election of a man who my'm sure will go down in history
As one of the great presidents of the United States out of lace Stevens
I
Know we're going to have a wonderful meeting tonight
I will look forward to coming back and having a chance of talking with you later then thank you
The son of his formal acceptance speech will be made to the including session of this democratic convention tonight
Along with that of president Joe candidate at least evenson and former president
Harry S. Truman
James Donahue
Raising the senator and whispering to him he was his campaign manager throughout the the primary campaign
And through this last minute campaign for the vice president
You